1. What is the default permission on user's home directory?
2. What is the command to create a user with a pre defined uid, shell and 
home directory?
3. Explain each field of /etc/passwd
4. If I delete a user, does it's home directory gets deleted? If not then 
what is the command to delete the home directory of user along with the user
5. Name any 3 files which are automatically created inside any user's home directory 
when a user is added
6. What is the command to change and view the expiry date for any user?set the p/w 
expiry date of any user account for december 23 of this year , and warning 
period of 10 days ,with maximum number of p/w change for 2 days 
7. Name any 3 groups of which root is a member by default
8. What is the difference between Linux and Unix?
9. What is Linux Kernel,BASH, Linux Distribution,Shell,Daemons?
10.What are the different modes when using the vi editor?
11.What are inode and process id?
12. Explain File Permission groups in Linux?
13. What is umask?How to set the mask permanently for a user? 
14. How to lock a user account in Linux?
15.What is chmod, ps , sort, pipes, filters,uniq ,chown,exit status in Linux 
chgrp, explain each? 
with examples?
16.set the ip addres with IP address :10.0.0.1,and host name with 
apponixlab.mylab.com?
17.what is RPM , EXPLAIN?
18.WHAT IS YUM ,WHY it is used ?
19.create shell scripting to perform arthimatic operation of addition,subtraction
multiplication,division within two operand values 10 & 2.
20. execute shell scripting file to display with value and names with specified 
syntax
21.break the root password with given password "APPONIX123!"
22.How do users create a hard link & symbolic link in Linux? 
23.How do you find the process ID (PID) of a running process? 
24.What are the most important use cases of below Linux commands?
>ls , cat , mkdir , top , grep , lscpu , wc , pwd , whoami ,usermod , gshadow , 
passwd ?
25.differnces between an open source and closed environment operating system ?
26.explain SE-linux ?
27.what is booting ?explain the types of booting with its functions ?
28.what is SSH ?how to take the remote server acces from any server explain? 
29.EXPLAIN CRONTAB Syntax?
30.can we perform hardlink for folder.....................?

